Comrade Joo.
Lock this brat in the basement.
Don't even give her water.
Go calm Eun Chang-su down first.
Okay.
The spies fired first, so we fired back.
No casualties confirmed.
Why did he even go there? That soft idiot.
You couldn't kill anyone, right?
Anyway, it was an attempt at suppression.
Let's leave it at that.
How dare you fire a gun? How dare you!
Release my daughter right now!
We can't release her
until our mission's over.
I'm warning you.
If you're planning to break in,
you should be prepared for her death.
You lunatic!
If you even lay a finger on my daughter…
If this is how you're playing it,
I have no choice but to talk to your boss.
Talking to their boss or not,
just leave this to me.
Just go see your son off.
I mean, you need to go cry
while burying your son
for us to get more sympathy votes.
Right?
Right!
God damn it!
-You bastard!
-What?
My son died and my daughter's being
held hostage because of this operation!
If this ends up failing,
I'll kill you first!
Stop thinking about the sympathy vote
and take care of that clamor first!
What if this hostage situation
ends up doing us harm?
We must win it by a landslide!
Am I wrong?
You're right.
Understand?
Yes.
Hye-ryeong! Your mom's here!
Let me go see if she's okay!
RESTRICTED
RESTRICTED, SECURITY CHECKPOINT
Why is this happening to us? Seol-hui!
Seol-hui!
-Seol-hui! Dad's here!
-If something happened to my daughter,
what will you do?
-This is crazy!
-What are you doing?
-Hye-ryeong!
-Seol-hui!
Seol-hui!
I'm in front of Hosu University where
explosions and a gunfight took place.
As you can see, the parents' cries
and rage are filling the place.
The hostages' families are
desperate to know if they're safe,
the ANSP keeps
telling them to trust them and wait.
There is a public uproar
against the government's lousy response
because it might cause more casualties.
Lousy?
How dare he?
Hey, who's that bastard's boss?
I'll go wring his neck.
Leave that to me, sir.
I think you should
calm the parents down first.
…more prompt response
-is needed at the moment…
-God, it's a pain in the neck.
Turn that off.
Hey, are you sure all 34 are safe?
I can prove it if you want.
I'll send in a camcorder,
so film every one of them.
Don't leave out Dr. Kang. Okay?
Have Han-na bring it.
Hello? Have whom? Hey!
I can't even laugh it off anymore.
My goodness.
We need Han-na to come in here
as soon as possible.
Roll up your sleeve.
You're bleeding!